Copyright 2015, Chris Pavlina
All rights reserved.

CPOHL
Version 1.0

Redistribution and use of documentation and source (henceforth referred
to together as the "Source"), with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of the Source must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following patent notice
      and disclaimer.
    * Finished products made using this Source or a derivative thereof
      must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
      and the following patent notice and disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the product.
    * Neither the name of the licensor, copyright holders and/or patent
      holders, nor the names of the contributors may be used to endorse
      or promote products derived from this software without specific
      prior written permission.

PATENT NOTICE:
This license implicitly grants a non-exclusive license to any and all
patents, held by the licensor and/or contributors, that would otherwise
restrict or govern the ability to freely modify and redistribute the
Source and/or product.  The scope of this patent license is limited
explicitly to those patents held by the licensor and/or contributors,
and does not extend to patents held by unrelated third parties that may
cover parts of the design of the Source and product.

DISCLAIMER:
This product, documentation, source, hardware, and/or software are
provided by the copyright and/or patent holders and contributors "as is"
and any express or implied warranties, including but not limited to, the
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright and/or patent
owner or contributors by liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of
liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this
material and product, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

